with Nintendo announcing the new DLC
character to be an arms fighter in the
most anticlimactic way possible it
leaves the whole fanbase asking one
question who shall it be
no shout-out to Nintendo for the hashtag
product that I didn't pay for I cannot
put it into words how fun it is to go
online with the brand new DLC character
no one's ever seen oh nice change of
pace here I see a lot of people might be
asking me why are you playing me brawler
you don't have any experience playing me
brawler so what's your gimmick that wait
hold up this is a great equalizer
so this wolf is starting to scare me
because he's doing this thing because I
don't like it when the leaf smash
players do call them be good at the game
oh and would you look at that huh oh
yeah that's a well that was fun we're
gonna have to edit out a lot of this cuz
it's just him let's trapping me that is
the only game I have played with him so
you know what [__] it no he's not happy
about do it again ain't being hit by my
stupid [__] but my stupid ship wall okay
that was an angry ass up smash I feel
like we have stopped playing Smash Bros
and we're just taking turns let's wrap
each other I think I tilted him with
that Falcon punch cuz you doesn't even
know how many fresh bunts anymore oh
wait wait wait come here well you should
be alive though but not that's always so
funny to me because you don't get hit by
that as a good player and don't feel
chilton for the next week upward special
dude that axe he gets crazy and the drop
kick
and people trying to say this smash it
is hard and now we way on the platform
see that's a read that's a victory
getting off the platform second and now
we just pressed buttons on him and oh no
honey that is the worst read imaginable
Oh God and it just doesn't get better if
you're a doctor Mario let's reflect upon
that because that was probably the worst
zr2 death I have ever seen me too
into one of those camera seconds forgets
in this game is it just that people
don't want to lose to my arms me fighter
or is like the quarren change is
bringing out the absolute worst in
people cuz this dude be tamping me I
just can't believe that people are so
eager to camp today and lakhs which me I
just got to wait for everyone be stupid
and greedy and him with my [__]
oh my god it's coming God that means you
deserved every last hit of that you know
what that music means it is sponsor time
and today's video is brought to you by
AFK arena who have graciously sponsored
for another video of mine they're
currently celebrating their one-year
anniversary alongside SNK samurai
shodown across over featuring ukyo
Tachibana the anniversary update starts
April 8th and oh hey which look at the
time those multiple days ago
this patch features who kyo alongside
other new exciting gameplay features
when players first download the game
they'll get to try a new Kyo for the
first 7 days for free so now is
definitely the time to jump in on us
it's are tons of special activities that
help players get rich with Rewards have
you missed it last time I talked about
afk arena it's a card game idol RPG
hybrid that finds a way to cater to both
hardcore and casual players alike FK
arena has simple gameplay with lots of
room to master a beautiful art style and
tons of variety for the collectors out
there as you all learned when Sakura
announced tere SNK games go way back
samurai shodown started in arcades as
early as 1993 so again be sure to click
the link description and try out ukyo
and AFK arena for free today spring man
this is vigilante justice at its best we
are taking down the laggards we are
taking down the campers in the name of
arms well I didn't think I was gonna get
camped again but then I saw my opponent
selected Wii Fit trainer and here we are
that hurts that hurts I'm supposed to
make an entertaining video out of this
how
oh and there they are at the ledge Oh
wonder what's gonna happen oh wait
they're staying at the ledge that's
crazy how do they do it
I'm being a patient alright well I think
it shows all that could have worked I
need to have to die for that I am tired
of this someone approached me a secret
document oh you know just cuz kenosha to
the moon boots you know missiny you ask
and you shall receive huh I can't
believe I actually prefer Elite smashed
a quick play right now oh my god what
happened to that samus we're about to
file a missing persons report for that
stock
oh my god we're gonna bring in special
forces for that the SEAL Team six can't
even locate that same as dear God and
I'm glad the game agrees cuz that felt
worthy for elite smash oh it's just not
getting better is it I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna go for it
but like what if it hit it would've been
sick oh it almost did again how am I
almost breaking those guys with shields
as spring man what you gonna do
[Applause]
try users charging that oh my god
and that's enough of this game look I'm
a big advocate of play Lane win games
I'm just surprised that so many people
want to win the game today and I guess I
found someone trying to lose
oh girl I'm just tired of what online
has given me just let the paid actor
here hit me with the get up attack so I
can kill him for it
something I've dealt with ever since
like smash board came out was like
everyone thinks you're staging clips and
everything and I just really want to
lean into that where if someone is just
giving you exactly what you want on
elite smash they're just a paid actor
you know nothing more nothing less
we are approaching each other which is
more than I've gotten for my previous
opponents so I'm happy Thank You Evan
your glorious paid actor I could not ask
for anything more from your brother
what was that grand range me brawler we
got arms and you can even oh my god
think about spring man's arms think
about his grab range wait on a phone no
that deals he cares gonna be toxic okay
boy a Ewing okay I got a game plan well
that's not what I was expecting but yep
your checks in the mail buddy look like
I know it looks like I'm losing but so
after all that everything I went through
Sakurai decided to put me against a DDD
light is just so sad I'm going for it oh
okay well hmm what's the dumbest option
I can do
today hasn't been kind to me I
understand but that is no excuse I right
now in this moment have made the
conscious decision to stop losing but
dude spring mate has seen a lot of arms
in his days but none as grubby as Ness
that's for damn sure whoa get out of
there
all rise and date if I lost that now I
think he was just over for the day I
don't think I could have recovered by
the I'm having a stroke is what I'm
trying to say oh nice
up be out of shield for do I have a
treat for you I think the saddest part
about this character is I just don't
have range like when characters have
swords or something like I just don't
know what I'm supposed to do no I'm
going for it I guess that's it that's
how you get kills by just being the
complete idiot
sometimes it pays off gah the range on
that move and that move alone is nutty
but that's like it all I have is upbeat
that's not even a joke and that kills me
I don't have up the actual
oh the random footstool that was at home
the clutches game ever I had no business
winning that was all because of the
Randi push tool that's what we call
undeserved Wow oh you that was the
matrix I had a look into the code for
that one oh my God he's dashing like he
has something
how did that one hit me mute you I feel
sorry you know what no no no I'm going
down I don't deserve that
oh I try to SD I'm sorry buddy you
deserve that star oh that was a good
gimmick that's so sick
I love it when me to do that it's such a
Hail Mary gimmick but like it works you
know I'm not gonna lie I'm a little
scared of this view too now after he
pulled that out and he can pull out okay
he's dead
oh that was an accident
oh my god how I just buffered that
somehow hey I'm gonna act like I'm
approaching him and then he just does
one yeah okay mm-hmm cute little idea
you had
oh poor that almost killed me that
almost killed me and now I'm going for
it speech okay so we're back to these
kinds of matches huh I guess I had fun
with my opponents approaching me and now
I just don't deserve it huh 2,000 years
later
oh god we put that we fit down dude like
this character he has some soft
sometimes but it's kind of like people
get hit fighting they go oh why do you
know that was the thing and then they
proceeded to never get hit by it again I
feel like if I can explain my me brawler
gameplay in any way I think that's how I
would do it you know I'm tired of this
I'm going down OH going down again
I don't know if I could kill what that
I'll take us both down that's all oh my
god he hit me
such a genius I mean who would have
thought to do that no one except a true
spring man Mane like myself which I
please don't ever call me that my god
dude this totally gets plain so angry
right now which I'll be honest I can't
blame him
he's at 157 whatever I do there God meet
brawler up he is like a gateway to that
not even crack just it's the top of the
top this character is so bad sometimes
that I was ridiculous kill power like
dr. Mario was at 0% and he is currently
at kill percent just just get him off
stage one two come on come on brother oh
my god it's cards for dr. mom when I
think the beauty of just spamming up he
is that eventually it tilts them so if
you just keep doing this someone will
try and chase you off stage block throw
me off stage he's gonna try and edge
guard me and did we hit on with the boy
yo-yoing
ain't they really just say that I'm
sorry guys I'm not commentating much
because like this game requires
literally all of my focus you played
against the Wi-Fi Zelda you know what
I'm talking about and this is not just
any Wi-Fi Zelda it's a quarantine why
fight Zelda which means like they're
acting up they're just doing anything
they want and they think they can get
away with it so this is my anti Wi-Fi
selfish red I literally just sit here
jump over that except I was supposed to
jump over that and then I just sit on
platforms and wait for her to do
something stupid
I have never wanted to lose a game less
oh my god thank you huh may the
QuickPlay orangy be kind to me
I said please proceed into another match
oh haha its Lucas
well I'm gonna save you the trouble and
the video will just end when every PK
fires
[Music]
[Applause]